[Docs]:Upgrade minimum k8s to 1.15 (#17140)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Dashboard links included in [monitoring alerts](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/observability/alerting) now link directly to the relevant Grafana panel, instead of just the service dashboard. [#17014](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17014)

> - The minimum k8s version is now v1.15. Please see our Kubernetes [documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/kubernetes) for more information.This should not impact users with a recent release of Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The minimum Kubernetes version required to use the [Kubernetes deployment option](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/kubernetes) is now v1.15.
```

Why should this not impact users with a recent release of Sourcegraph? Do you mean users of existing Sourcegraph deployments will not be affected if they do not upgrade?

```suggestion
- The minimum Kubernetes version required to use the [Kubernetes deployment option](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/kubernetes) is now v1.15. Older versions of Sourcegraph will continue to work with Kubernetes versions v1.9.7 or more.
```

Author: Agree with pointing out this k8s release is quite old. 
With regards to phrasing, if you are running a version of Sourcegraph after https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph/pull/598 you wouldn't have been able to apply our manifests. That PR is technically what brought us up to 1.14+
